"Bulbasaur can be seen napping in bright sunlight.
There is a seed on its back. By soaking up the sun's rays,
the seed grows progressively larger."
"There is a bud on this Pok&eacute;mon's back. To support its weight,
Ivysaur's legs and trunk grow thick and strong.
If it starts spending more time lying in the sunlight,
it's a sign that the bud will bloom into a large flower soon."
"There is a large flower on Venusaur's back. The flower is said
to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight.
The flower's aroma soothes the emotions of people."
"The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication
of its emotions. The flame wavers when Charmander
is enjoying itself. If the Pok&eacute;mon becomes enraged,
the flame burns fiercely."
"Charmeleon mercilessly destroys its foes using its sharp claws.
If it encounters a strong foe, it turns aggressive.
In this excited state, the flame at the tip of its tail flares with a
bluish white color."
"Charizard flies around the sky in search of powerful opponents.
It breathes fire of such great heat that it melts anything.
However, it never turns its fiery breath on any opponent
weaker than itself."
"Squirtle's shell is not merely used for protection.
The shell's rounded shape and the grooves on its surface
help minimize resistance in water, enabling this Pok&eacute;mon
to swim at high speeds."
"Its tail is large and covered with a rich, thick fur. The tail
becomes increasingly deeper in color as Wartortle ages.
The scratches on its shell are evidence of this Pok&eacute;mon's
toughness as a battler."
"Blastoise has water spouts that protrude from its shell.
The water spouts are very accurate. They can shoot bullets of
water with enough accuracy to strike empty cans from a
distance of over 160 feet."
"Caterpie has a voracious appetite. It can devour leaves bigger
than its body right before your eyes. From its antenna, this
Pok&eacute;mon releases a terrifically strong odor."
"The shell covering this Pok&eacute;mon's body is as hard as an
iron slab. Metapod does not move very much. It stays still
because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside
the hard shell."
"Butterfree has a superior ability to search for delicious honey
from flowers. It can even search out, extract, and carry honey
from flowers that are blooming over six miles from its nest."
"Weedle has an extremely acute sense of smell. It is capable of
distinguishing its favorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes
just by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose)."
"Kakuna remains virtually immobile as it clings to a tree.
However, on the inside, it is extremely busy as it prepares for
its coming evolution. This is evident from how hot the shell
becomes to the touch."
"Beedrill is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach
its nest,this is for their own safety. If angered, they will attack
in a furious swarm."
"Pidgey has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It is capable
of unerringly returning home to its nest, however far it may be
removed from its familiar surroundings."
"Pidgeotto claims a large area as its own territory.
This Pok&eacute;mon flies around, patrolling its living space.
If its territory is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly
punishing the foe with its sharp claws."
"This Pok&eacute;mon has a dazzling plumage of beautifully
glossy feathers. Many Trainers are captivated by the
striking beauty of the feathers on its head, compelling
them to choose Pidgeot as their Pok&eacute;mon."
"Rattata is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep,
it constantly listens by moving its ears around. It is not picky
about where it lives,it will make its nest anywhere."
"Raticate's sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground
down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the
walls of houses."
"Spearow has a very loud cry that can be heard over
half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heard echoing all
around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger."
"Fearow is recognized by its long neck and elongated beak.
They are conveniently shaped for catching prey in soil
or water. It deftly moves its long and skinny beak to
pluck prey."
"Ekans curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. Assuming this
position allows it to quickly respond to a threat from any
direction with a glare from its upraised head."
"This Pok&eacute;mon is terrifically strong in order to constrict things
with its body. It can even flatten steel oil drums.
Once Arbok wraps its body around its foe, escaping its
crunching embrace is impossible."
"Whenever Pikachu comes across something new,
it blasts it with a jolt of electricity. If you come across a
blackened berry, it's evidence that this Pok&eacute;mon mistook the
intensity of its charge."
"If the electrical sacs become excessively charged,
Raichu plants its tail in the ground and discharges.
Scorched patches of ground will be found near this
Pok&eacute;mon's nest."
"Sandshrew's body is configured to absorb water without waste,
enabling it to survive in an arid desert. This Pok&eacute;mon curls up
to protect itself from its enemies."
"Sandslash's body is covered by tough spikes, which are
hardened sections of its hide. Once a year, the old spikes
fall out, to be replaced with new spikes that grow out from
beneath the old ones."
"Nidoran♀ has barbs that secrete a powerful poison.
They are thought to have developed as protection for
this small-bodied Pok&eacute;mon. When enraged, it releases
a horrible toxin from its horn."
"When Nidorina are with their friends or family, they keep their
barbs tucked away to prevent hurting each other.
This Pok&eacute;mon appears to become nervous if separated from
the others."
"Nidoqueen's body is encased in extremely hard scales.
It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles.
This Pok&eacute;mon is at its strongest when it is defending its young."
"Nidoran♂ has developed muscles for moving its ears. Thanks
to them, the ears can be freely moved in any direction. Even
the slightest sound does not escape this Pok&eacute;mon's notice."
"Nidorino has a horn that is harder than a diamond. If it senses
a hostile presence, all the barbs on its back bristle up at once,
and it challenges the foe with all its might."
"Nidoking's thick tail packs enormously destructive power.
With one swing, it can topple a metal transmission tower.
Once this Pok&eacute;mon goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it."
"On every night of a full moon, groups of this Pok&eacute;mon come
out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired Clefairy return to their
quiet mountain retreats and go to sleep nestled up against
each other."
"Clefable moves by skipping lightly as if it were flying using its
wings. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water. It is known
to take strolls on lakes on quiet, moonlit nights."
"At the time of its birth, Vulpix has one white tail. The tail
separates into six if this Pok&eacute;mon receives plenty of love
from its Trainer. The six tails become magnificently curled."
"Ninetales casts a sinister light from its bright red eyes to gain
total control over its foe's mind. This Pok&eacute;mon is said to live
for a thousand years."
"Jigglypuff's vocal cords can freely adjust the wavelength of its
voice. This Pok&eacute;mon uses this ability to sing at precisely the
right wavelength to make its foes most drowsy."
"Wigglytuff has large, saucerlike eyes. The surfaces of its eyes
are always covered with a thin layer of tears. If any dust gets in
this Pok&eacute;mon's eyes, it is quickly washed away."
"Zubat remains quietly unmoving in a dark spot during the bright
daylight hours. It does so because prolonged exposure to the
sun causes its body to become slightly burned."
"Golbat loves to drink the blood of living things. It is particularly
active in the pitch black of night. This Pok&eacute;mon flits around in
the night skies, seeking fresh blood."
"During the daytime, Oddish buries itself in soil to absorb
nutrients from the ground using its entire body.
The more fertile the soil, the glossier its leaves become."
"Gloom releases a foul fragrance from the pistil of its flower.
When faced with danger, the stench worsens.
If this Pok&eacute;mon is feeling calm and secure, it does not
release its usual stinky aroma."
"Vileplume's toxic pollen triggers atrocious allergy attacks.
That's why it is advisable never to approach any attractive
flowers in a jungle, however pretty they may be."
"Paras has parasitic mushrooms growing on its back called
tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from this
Bug Pok&eacute;mon host. They are highly valued as a medicine
for extending life."
"Parasect is known to infest large trees en masse and drain
nutrients from the lower trunk and roots. When an infested tree
dies, they move onto another tree all at once."
"Venonat is said to have evolved with a coat of thin,
stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection.
It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even
minuscule prey."
"Venomoth is nocturnal,it is a Pok&eacute;mon that only becomes
active at night. Its favorite prey are small insects that gather
around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness."
"Diglett are raised in most farms. The reason is simple,
wherever this Pok&eacute;mon burrows, the soil is left perfectly tilled
for planting crops. This soil is made ideal for growing
delicious vegetables."
"Dugtrio are actually triplets that emerged from one body.
As a result, each triplet thinks exactly like the other
two triplets. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly."
"Meowth withdraws its sharp claws into its paws to slinkily sneak
about without making any incriminating footsteps.
For some reason, this Pok&eacute;mon loves shiny coins that
glitter with light."
"Persian has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness.
The whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in the
Pok&eacute;mon's surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed
by the whiskers."
"Psyduck uses a mysterious power. When it does so, this
Pok&eacute;mon generates brain waves that are supposedly only seen
in sleepers. This discovery spurred controversy
among scholars."
"The webbed flippers on its forelegs and hind legs and the
streamlined body of Golduck give it frightening speed.
This Pok&eacute;mon is definitely much faster than even the most
athletic swimmer."
"When Mankey starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns
rough, it's a sure sign that it is becoming angry. However,
because it goes into a towering rage almost instantly,
it is impossible for anyone to flee its wrath."
"When Primeape becomes furious, its blood circulation is
boosted. In turn, its muscles are made even stronger.
However, it also becomes much less intelligent at the
same time."
"Growlithe has a superb sense of smell. Once it smells anything,
this Pok&eacute;mon won't forget the scent, no matter what. It uses
its advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of
other living things."
"Arcanine is known for its high speed. It is said to be capable of
running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night.
The fire that blazes wildly within this Pok&eacute;mon's body is its
source of power."
"Poliwag has a very thin skin. It is possible to see the
Pok&eacute;mon's spiral innards right through the skin.
Despite its thinness, however, the skin is also very flexible.
Even sharp fangs bounce right off it."
"The surface of Poliwhirl's body is always wet and slick with
a slimy fluid. Because of this slippery covering, it can easily
slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle."
"Poliwrath's highly developed, brawny muscles never grow
fatigued, however much it exercises. It is so tirelessly strong,
this Pok&eacute;mon can swim back and forth across the ocean
without effort."
"Abra sleeps for eighteen hours a day. However, it can sense
the presence of foes even while it is sleeping. In such a
situation, this Pok&eacute;mon immediately teleports to safety."
"Kadabra emits a peculiar alpha wave if it develops a headache.
Only those people with a particularly strong psyche can hope
to become a Trainer of this Pok&eacute;mon."
"Alakazam's brain continually grows, making its head far too
heavy to support with its neck. This Pok&eacute;mon holds its head up
using its psychokinetic power instead."
"Machop's muscles are special,they never get sore no matter
how much they are used in exercise. This Pok&eacute;mon has
sufficient power to hurl a hundred adult humans."
"Machoke's thoroughly toned muscles possess the hardness
of steel. This Pok&eacute;mon has so much strength, it can easily
hold aloft a sumo wrestler on just one finger."
"Machamp has the power to hurl anything aside. However,
trying to do any work requiring care and dexterity causes its
arms to get tangled. This Pok&eacute;mon tends to leap into action
before it thinks."
"Bellsprout's thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to
avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth,
this Pok&eacute;mon spits a corrosive fluid that melts even iron."
"Weepinbell has a large hook on its rear end. At night, the
Pok&eacute;mon hooks on to a tree branch and goes to sleep.
If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself
on the ground."
"Victreebel has a long vine that extends from its head.
This vine is waved and flicked about as if it were an animal to
attract prey. When an unsuspecting prey draws near, this
Pok&eacute;mon swallows it whole."
"Tentacool's body is largely composed of water. If it is removed
from the sea, it dries up like parchment. If this Pok&eacute;mon
happens to become dehydrated, put it back into the sea."
"Tentacruel has large red orbs on its head. The orbs glow
before lashing the vicinity with a harsh ultrasonic blast.
This Pok&eacute;mon's outburst creates rough waves around it."
"The longer a Geodude lives, the more its edges are chipped
and worn away, making it more rounded in appearance.
However, this Pok&eacute;mon's heart will remain hard, craggy,
and rough always."
"Graveler grows by feeding on rocks. Apparently, it prefers to
eat rocks that are covered in moss. This Pok&eacute;mon eats its way
through a ton of rocks on a daily basis."
"Golem live up on mountains. If there is a large earthquake,
these Pok&eacute;mon will come rolling down off the mountains
en masse to the foothills below."
"Ponyta is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up.
This Pok&eacute;mon becomes stronger by stumbling and falling to
keep up with its parent."
"Rapidash usually can be seen casually cantering in the
fields and plains. However, when this Pok&eacute;mon turns serious,
its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to
150 mph."
"Slowpoke uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at
the side of a river. However, this Pok&eacute;mon often forgets what
it's doing and often spends entire days just loafing at
water's edge."
"Slowbro's tail has a Shellder firmly attached with a bite.
As a result, the tail can't be used for fishing anymore.
This causes Slowbro to grudgingly swim and catch
prey instead."
"Magnemite attaches itself to power lines to feed on electricity.
If your house has a power outage, check your circuit breakers.
You may find a large number of this Pok&eacute;mon clinging to the
breaker box."
"Magneton emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to
mechanical devices. As a result, large cities sound sirens
to warn citizens of large-scale outbreaks of this Pok&eacute;mon."
"Farfetch'd is always seen with a stalk from a plant of some
sort. Apparently, there are good stalks and bad stalks. This
Pok&eacute;mon has been known to fight with others over stalks."
"Doduo's two heads never sleep at the same time. Its two
heads take turns sleeping, so one head can always keep
watch for enemies while the other one sleeps."
"Watch out if Dodrio's three heads are looking in three separate
directions. It's a sure sign that it is on its guard. Don't go near
this Pok&eacute;mon if it's being wary,it may decide to peck you."
"Seel hunts for prey in the frigid sea underneath sheets of ice.
When it needs to breathe, it punches a hole through the ice
with the sharply protruding section of its head."
"Dewgong loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this
Pok&eacute;mon sleeping on a glacier was mistakenly thought to be a
mermaid by a mariner long ago."
"Grimer's sludgy and rubbery body can be forced through any
opening, however small it may be. This Pok&eacute;mon enters sewer
pipes to drink filthy wastewater."
"From Muk's body seeps a foul fluid that gives off a
nose-bendingly horrible stench. Just one drop of this
Pok&eacute;mon's body fluid can turn a pool stagnant and rancid."
"At night, this Pok&eacute;mon uses its broad tongue to burrow a hole
in the seafloor sand and then sleep in it. While it is sleeping,
Shellder closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out."
"Cloyster is capable of swimming in the sea. It does so by
swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear.
This Pok&eacute;mon shoots spikes from its shell using the
same system."
"Gastly is largely composed of gaseous matter. When exposed
to a strong wind, the gaseous body quickly dwindles away.
Groups of this Pok&eacute;mon cluster under the eaves of houses to
escape the ravages of wind."
"Haunter is a dangerous Pok&eacute;mon. If one beckons you while
floating in darkness, you must never approach it. This Pok&eacute;mon
will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away."
"Sometimes, on a dark night, your shadow thrown by a
streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you.
It is actually a Gengar running past you, pretending to be
your shadow."
"Onix has a magnet in its brain. It acts as a compass so that this
Pok&eacute;mon does not lose direction while it is tunneling.
As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder
and smoother."
"If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it's a sure
sign that one of these Pok&eacute;mon is standing above your pillow
and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils."
"Hypno holds a pendulum in its hand. The arcing movement and
glitter of the pendulum lull the foe into a deep state of
hypnosis. While this Pok&eacute;mon searches for prey, it polishes
the pendulum."
"Krabby live on beaches, burrowed inside holes dug into the
sand. On sandy beaches with little in the way of food, these
Pok&eacute;mon can be seen squabbling with each other
over territory."
"Kingler has an enormous, oversized claw. It waves this huge
claw in the air to communicate with others. However, because
the claw is so heavy, the Pok&eacute;mon quickly tires."
"Voltorb was first sighted at a company that manufactures
Pok&eacute; Balls. The link between that sighting and the fact
that this Pok&eacute;mon looks very similar to a Pok&eacute; Ball remains
a mystery."
"Electrode eats electricity in the atmosphere. On days when
lightning strikes, you can see this Pok&eacute;mon exploding all over
the place from eating too much electricity."
"This Pok&eacute;mon consists of six eggs that form a closely knit
cluster. The six eggs attract each other and spin around.
When cracks increasingly appear on the eggs, Exeggcute is
close to evolution."
"Exeggutor originally came from the tropics. Its heads
steadily grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight.
It is said that when the heads fall off, they group together
to form Exeggcute."
"Cubone pines for the mother it will never see again.
Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries.
The stains on the skull the Pok&eacute;mon wears are made by the
tears it sheds."
"Marowak is the evolved form of a Cubone that has overcome
its sadness at the loss of its mother and grown tough.
This Pok&eacute;mon's tempered and hardened spirit is not
easily broken."
"Hitmonlee's legs freely contract and stretch. Using these
springlike legs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks.
After battle, it rubs down its legs and loosens the muscles to
overcome fatigue."
"Hitmonchan is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who had
been working toward a world championship. This Pok&eacute;mon has
an indomitable spirit and will never give up in the face
of adversity."
"Whenever Lickitung comes across something new, it will
unfailingly give it a lick. It does so because it memorizes things
by texture and by taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things."
"If Koffing becomes agitated, it raises the toxicity of its internal
gases and jets them out from all over its body. This Pok&eacute;mon
may also overinflate its round body, then explode."
"Weezing loves the gases given off by rotted kitchen garbage.
This Pok&eacute;mon will find a dirty, unkempt house and make it its
home. At night, when the people in the house are asleep, it will
go through the trash."
"Rhyhorn runs in a straight line, smashing everything in its path.
It is not bothered even if it rushes headlong into a block of
steel. This Pok&eacute;mon may feel some pain from the collision the
next day, however."
"Rhydon's horn can crush even uncut diamonds. One sweeping
blow of its tail can topple a building. This Pok&eacute;mon's hide is
extremely tough. Even direct cannon hits don't leave a scratch."
"Chansey lays nutritionally excellent eggs on an everyday basis.
The eggs are so delicious, they are easily and eagerly
devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite."
"Tangela's vines snap off easily if they are grabbed.
This happens without pain, allowing it to make a quick
getaway. The lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the
very next day."
"If you come across a young Kangaskhan playing by itself, you
must never disturb it or attempt to catch it. The baby
Pok&eacute;mon's parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become
violently enraged at you."
"Horsea eats small insects and moss off of rocks. If the ocean
current turns fast, this Pok&eacute;mon anchors itself by wrapping its
tail around rocks or coral to prevent being washed away."
"Seadra sleeps after wriggling itself between the branches of 
coral. Those trying to harvest coral are occasionally stung by
this Pok&eacute;mon's poison barbs if they fail to notice it."
"Goldeen is a very beautiful Pok&eacute;mon with fins that billow
elegantly in water. However, don't let your guard down around
this Pok&eacute;mon,it could ram you powerfully with its horn."
"In the autumn, Seaking males can be seen performing
courtship dances in riverbeds to woo females. During this
season, this Pok&eacute;mon's body coloration is at its most beautiful."
"Staryu's center section has an organ called the core that
shines bright red. If you go to a beach toward the end of
summer, the glowing cores of these Pok&eacute;mon look like the
stars in the sky."
"Starmie's center section,the core,glows brightly in seven
colors. Because of its luminous nature, this Pok&eacute;mon has
been given the nickname “the gem of the sea.”"
"Mr. Mime is a master of pantomime. Its gestures and motions
convince watchers that something unseeable actually exists.
Once the watchers are convinced, the unseeable thing exists
as if it were real."
"Scyther is blindingly fast. Its blazing speed enhances the
effectiveness of the twin scythes on its forearms.
This Pok&eacute;mon's scythes are so effective, they can slice
through thick logs in one wicked stroke."
"Jynx walks rhythmically, swaying and shaking its hips as if it
were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring, people
seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without giving any
thought to what they are doing."
"When a storm arrives, gangs of this Pok&eacute;mon compete with
each other to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by
lightning bolts. Some towns use Electabuzz in place of
lightning rods."
"In battle, Magmar blows out intensely hot flames from all
over its body to intimidate its opponent. This Pok&eacute;mon's
fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees
in its surroundings."
"Pinsir is astoundingly strong. It can grip a foe weighing twice
its weight in its horns and easily lift it. This Pok&eacute;mon's
movements turn sluggish in cold places."
"This Pok&eacute;mon is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all
times. If there is no opponent for Tauros to battle, it will
charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself."
"Magikarp is a pathetic excuse for a Pok&eacute;mon that is only
capable of flopping and splashing. This behavior prompted
scientists to undertake research into it."
"When Magikarp evolves into Gyarados, its brain cells undergo a
structural transformation. It is said that this transformation is to
blame for this Pok&eacute;mon's wildly violent nature."
"People have driven Lapras almost to the point of extinction.
In the evenings, this Pok&eacute;mon is said to sing plaintively as it
seeks what few others of its kind still remain."
"Ditto rearranges its cell structure to transform itself into other
shapes. However, if it tries to transform itself into something
by relying on its memory, this Pok&eacute;mon manages to get
details wrong."
"Eevee has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates
due to the environment in which it lives. Radiation from various
stones causes this Pok&eacute;mon to evolve."
"Vaporeon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins
and gills that allow it to live underwater. This Pok&eacute;mon has the
ability to freely control water."
"Jolteon's cells generate a low level of electricity. This power is
amplified by the static electricity of its fur, enabling the
Pok&eacute;mon to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of
electrically charged needles."
"Flareon's fluffy fur has a functional purpose,it releases heat
into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot.
This Pok&eacute;mon's body temperature can rise to a maximum of
1,650 degrees Fahrenheit."
"Porygon is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program
data and entering cyberspace. This Pok&eacute;mon is copy protected
so it cannot be duplicated by copying."
"Omanyte is one of the ancient and long-since-extinct Pok&eacute;mon
that have been regenerated from fossils by people. If attacked
by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell."
"Omastar uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to
have become extinct because its shell grew too large and
heavy, causing its movements to become too slow
and ponderous."
"Kabuto is a Pok&eacute;mon that has been regenerated from a fossil.
However, in extremely rare cases, living examples have been
discovered. The Pok&eacute;mon has not changed at all for
300 million years."
"Kabutops swam underwater to hunt for its prey in ancient
times. The Pok&eacute;mon was apparently evolving from being a
water dweller to living on land as evident from the beginnings
of change in its gills and legs."
"Aerodactyl is a Pok&eacute;mon from the age of dinosaurs. It was
regenerated from genetic material extracted from amber. It is
imagined to have been the king of the skies in ancient times."
"Snorlax's typical day consists of nothing more than eating and
sleeping. It is such a docile Pok&eacute;mon that there are children
who use its expansive belly as a place to play."
"Articuno is a legendary bird Pok&eacute;mon that can control ice.
The flapping of its wings chills the air. As a result, it is said
that when this Pok&eacute;mon flies, snow will fall."
"Zapdos is a legendary bird Pok&eacute;mon that has the ability to
control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds.
The Pok&eacute;mon gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts."
"Moltres is a legendary bird Pok&eacute;mon that has the ability to
control fire. If this Pok&eacute;mon is injured, it is said to dip its body
in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself."
"Dratini continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so
because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach
uncontrollable levels."
"Dragonair stores an enormous amount of energy inside its
body. It is said to alter weather conditions in its vicinity by
discharging energy from the crystals on its neck and tail."
"Dragonite is capable of circling the globe in just 16 hours.
It is a kindhearted Pok&eacute;mon that leads lost and foundering
ships in a storm to the safety of land."
"Mewtwo is a Pok&eacute;mon that was created by genetic
manipulation. However, even though the scientific power of
humans created this Pok&eacute;mon's body, they failed to endow
Mewtwo with a compassionate heart."
"Mew is said to possess the genetic composition of all
Pok&eacute;mon. It is capable of making itself invisible at will,
so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people."
"In battle, Chikorita waves its leaf around to keep the foe at
bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf,
becalming the battling Pok&eacute;mon and creating a cozy, friendly
atmosphere all around."
"Bayleef's neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each
tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree. The fragrance of this
shoot makes people peppy."
"The fragrance of Meganium's flower soothes and calms
emotions. In battle, this Pok&eacute;mon gives off more of its
becalming scent to blunt the foe's fighting spirit."
"Cyndaquil protects itself by flaring up the flames on its back.
The flames are vigorous if the Pok&eacute;mon is angry. However, if it
is tired, the flames splutter fitfully with incomplete combustion."
"Quilava keeps its foes at bay with the intensity of its flames and
gusts of superheated air. This Pok&eacute;mon applies its outstanding
nimbleness to dodge attacks even while scorching the foe
with flames."
"Typhlosion obscures itself behind a shimmering heat haze that
it creates using its intensely hot flames. This Pok&eacute;mon creates
blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders."
"Despite the smallness of its body, Totodile's jaws are very
powerful. While the Pok&eacute;mon may think it is just playfully
nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury."
"Once Croconaw has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will
absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked
back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove
when they have sunk in."
"Feraligatr intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth.
In battle, it will kick the ground hard with its thick and powerful
hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed."
"When Sentret sleeps, it does so while another stands guard.
The sentry wakes the others at the first sign of danger.
When this Pok&eacute;mon becomes separated from its pack,
it becomes incapable of sleep due to fear."
"Furret has a very slim build. When under attack, it can slickly
squirm through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its
short limbs, this Pok&eacute;mon is very nimble and fleet."
"Hoothoot has an internal organ that senses and tracks the
earth's rotation. Using this special organ, this Pok&eacute;mon begins
hooting at precisely the same time every day."
"Noctowl never fails at catching prey in darkness. This Pok&eacute;mon
owes its success to its superior vision that allows it to see in
minimal light, and to its soft, supple wings that make no sound
in flight."
"Ledyba secretes an aromatic fluid from where its legs join its
body. This fluid is used for communicating with others.
This Pok&eacute;mon conveys its feelings to others by altering the
fluid's scent."
"It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the
sky, there live Ledian in countless numbers. There is a good
reason for this,the Pok&eacute;mon uses the light of the stars as
its energy."
"The web spun by Spinarak can be considered its second
nervous system. It is said that this Pok&eacute;mon can determine
what kind of prey is touching its web just by the tiny vibrations
it feels through the web's strands."
"Ariados's feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it
to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. This Pok&eacute;mon
constricts the foe with thin and strong silk webbing."
"If this Pok&eacute;mon is flying by fluttering only a pair of wings on
either the forelegs or hind legs, it's proof that Crobat has been
flying a long distance. It switches the wings it uses if it is tired."
"Chinchou lets loose positive and negative electrical charges
from its two antennas to make its prey faint. This Pok&eacute;mon
flashes its electric lights to exchange signals with others."
"Lanturn is nicknamed “the deep-sea star” for its illuminated
antenna. This Pok&eacute;mon produces light by causing a chemical
reaction between bacteria and its bodily fluids inside
the antenna."
"Pichu charges itself with electricity more easily on days with
thunderclouds or when the air is very dry. You can hear the
crackling of static electricity coming off this Pok&eacute;mon."
"On nights with many shooting stars, Cleffa can be seen
dancing in a ring. They dance through the night and stop only
at the break of day, when these Pok&eacute;mon quench their thirst
with the morning dew."
"Igglybuff's vocal cords are not sufficiently developed. It would
hurt its throat if it were to sing too much. This Pok&eacute;mon
gargles with freshwater from a clean stream."
"As its energy, Togepi uses the positive emotions of
compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pok&eacute;mon.
This Pok&eacute;mon stores up feelings of happiness inside its shell,
then shares them with others."
"Togetic is said to be a Pok&eacute;mon that brings good fortune.
When the Pok&eacute;mon spots someone who is pure of heart, it is
said to appear and share its happiness with that person."
"Natu cannot fly because its wings are not yet fully grown.
If your eyes meet with this Pok&eacute;mon's eyes, it will stare back
intently at you. But if you move even slightly, it will hop away
to safety."
"Xatu stands rooted and still in one spot all day long.
People believe that this Pok&eacute;mon does so out of fear of the
terrible things it has foreseen in the future."
"Mareep's fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static
charge. The more static electricity is charged, the more brightly
the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows."
"Flaaffy's wool quality changes so that it can generate a high
amount of static electricity with a small amount of wool.
The bare and slick parts of its hide are shielded
against electricity."
"Ampharos gives off so much light that it can be seen even from
space. People in the old days used the light of this Pok&eacute;mon
to send signals back and forth with others far away."
"When Bellossom gets exposed to plenty of sunlight, the leaves
ringing its body begin to spin around. This Pok&eacute;mon's dancing
is renowned in the southern lands."
"Marill's oil-filled tail acts much like a life preserver. If you see
just its tail bobbing on the water's surface, it's a sure
indication that this Pok&eacute;mon is diving beneath the water to
feed on aquatic plants."
"Azumarill's long ears are indispensable sensors. By focusing its
hearing, this Pok&eacute;mon can identify what kinds of prey are
around, even in rough and fast-running rivers."
"Sudowoodo camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being
attacked by enemies. However, because its hands remain
green throughout the year, the Pok&eacute;mon is easily identified
as a fake during the winter."
"The curled hair on Politoed's head is proof of its status as a
king. It is said that the longer and more curled the hair, the
more respect this Pok&eacute;mon earns from its peers."
"This Pok&eacute;mon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the
approach of strong winds, Hoppip links its leaves with other
Hoppip to prepare against being blown away."
"Skiploom's flower blossoms when the temperature rises
above 64 degrees Fahrenheit. How much the flower opens
depends on the temperature. For that reason, this Pok&eacute;mon
is sometimes used as a thermometer."
"Jumpluff rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to
foreign lands. The Pok&eacute;mon descends to the ground when it
encounters cold air while it is floating."
"Aipom's tail ends in a hand-like appendage that can be cleverly
manipulated. However, because the Pok&eacute;mon uses its tail so
much, its real hands have become rather clumsy."
"Sunkern tries to move as little as it possibly can. It does so
because it tries to conserve all the nutrients it has stored in its
body for its evolution. It will not eat a thing, subsisting only on
morning dew."
"Sunflora converts solar energy into nutrition. It moves around
actively in the daytime when it is warm. It stops moving as
soon as the sun goes down for the night."
"Yanma is capable of seeing 360 degrees without having to
move its eyes. It is a great flier that is adept at making sudden
stops and turning midair. This Pok&eacute;mon uses its flying ability to
quickly chase down targeted prey."
"Wooper usually lives in water. However, it occasionally comes
out onto land in search of food. On land, it coats its body with
a gooey, toxic film."
"Quagsire hunts for food by leaving its mouth wide open in
water and waiting for its prey to blunder in unaware. Because
the Pok&eacute;mon does not move, it does not get very hungry."
"Espeon is extremely loyal to any Trainer it considers to
be worthy. It is said that this Pok&eacute;mon developed its
precognitive powers to protect its Trainer from harm."
"Umbreon evolved as a result of exposure to the moon's waves.
It hides silently in darkness and waits for its foes to make a
move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack."
"Murkrow was feared and loathed as the alleged bearer of ill
fortune. This Pok&eacute;mon shows strong interest in anything that
sparkles or glitters. It will even try to steal rings from women."
"Slowking undertakes research every day in an effort to solve
the mysteries of the world. However, this Pok&eacute;mon apparently
forgets everything it has learned if the Shellder on its head
comes off."
"Misdreavus frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry.
The Pok&eacute;mon apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the
fearful feelings of foes and turn them into nutrition."
"This Pok&eacute;mon is shaped like ancient writing. It is a mystery as
to which came first, the ancient writings or the various Unown.
Research into this topic is ongoing but nothing is known."
"If two or more Wobbuffet meet, they will turn competitive
and try to outdo each other's endurance. However, they may
try to see which one can endure the longest without food.
Trainers need to beware of this habit."
"Girafarig's rear head also has a brain, but it is small. The rear
head attacks in response to smells and sounds. Approaching
this Pok&eacute;mon from behind can cause the rear head to suddenly
lash out and bite."
"Pineco hangs from a tree branch and patiently waits for prey to
come along. If the Pok&eacute;mon is disturbed while eating by
someone shaking its tree, it drops down to the ground and
explodes with no warning."
"Forretress conceals itself inside its hardened steel shell.
The shell is opened when the Pok&eacute;mon is catching prey,
but it does so at such a quick pace that the shell's inside
cannot be seen."
"Dunsparce has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into
the ground backward. This Pok&eacute;mon is known to make its
nest in complex shapes deep under the ground."
"Gligar glides through the air without a sound as if it were
sliding. This Pok&eacute;mon hangs on to the face of its foe using
its clawed hind legs and the large pincers on its forelegs, then
injects the prey with its poison barb."
"Steelix lives even further underground than Onix.
This Pok&eacute;mon is known to dig toward the earth's core.
There are records of this Pok&eacute;mon reaching a depth of over
six-tenths of a mile underground."
"By baring its fangs and making a scary face, Snubbull sends
smaller Pok&eacute;mon scurrying away in terror. However, this
Pok&eacute;mon seems a little sad at making its foes flee."
"Granbull has a particularly well-developed lower jaw.
The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the Pok&eacute;mon to tip its
head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to
bite indiscriminately."
"Qwilfish sucks in water, inflating itself. This Pok&eacute;mon
uses the pressure of the water it swallowed to shoot toxic
quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming
somewhat challenging."
"Scizor has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily
fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. This Pok&eacute;mon flaps its
wings to regulate its body temperature."
"Shuckle quietly hides itself under rocks, keeping its body
concealed inside its hard shell while eating berries it has
stored away. The berries mix with its body fluids to become
a juice."
"Heracross charges in a straight line at its foe, slips beneath the
foe's grasp, and then scoops up and hurls the opponent with
its mighty horn. This Pok&eacute;mon even has enough power to
topple a massive tree."
"Sneasel scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the
bark. This Pok&eacute;mon seeks out unguarded nests and steals
eggs for food while the parents are away."
"This Pok&eacute;mon likes to lick its palms that are sweetened by
being soaked in honey. Teddiursa concocts its own honey
by blending fruits and pollen collected by Beedrill."
"In the forests inhabited by Ursaring, it is said that there are
many streams and towering trees where they gather food.
This Pok&eacute;mon walks through its forest gathering food
every day."
"Molten magma courses throughout Slugma's circulatory
system. If this Pok&eacute;mon is chilled, the magma cools and
hardens. Its body turns brittle and chunks fall off, reducing
its size."
"Magcargo's shell is actually its skin that hardened as a result
of cooling. Its shell is very brittle and fragile,just touching it
causes it to crumble apart. This Pok&eacute;mon returns to its original
size by dipping itself in magma."
"Swinub roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground.
Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under the cover of
dead grass. This Pok&eacute;mon occasionally roots out hot springs."
"Piloswine is covered by a thick coat of long hair that enables it
to endure the freezing cold. This Pok&eacute;mon uses its tusks to
dig up food that has been buried under ice."
"Corsola's branches glitter very beautifully in seven colors when
they catch sunlight. If any branch breaks off, this Pok&eacute;mon
grows it back in just one night."
"Remoraid sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using
its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey. When
evolution draws near, this Pok&eacute;mon travels downstream
from rivers."
"Octillery grabs onto its foe using its tentacles. This Pok&eacute;mon
tries to immobilize it before delivering the finishing blow. If the
foe turns out to be too strong, Octillery spews ink to escape."
"Delibird carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was
a famous explorer who managed to reach the peak of the
world's highest mountain, thanks to one of these Pok&eacute;mon
sharing its food."
"On sunny days, schools of Mantine can be seen elegantly
leaping over the sea's waves. This Pok&eacute;mon is not bothered
by the Remoraid that hitches rides."
"Skarmory is entirely encased in hard, protective armor.
This Pok&eacute;mon flies at close to 190 mph. It slashes foes with
its wings that possess swordlike cutting edges."
"Houndour hunt as a coordinated pack. They communicate with
each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey.
This Pok&eacute;mon's remarkable teamwork is unparalleled."
"In a Houndoom pack, the one with its horns raked sharply
toward the back serves a leadership role. These Pok&eacute;mon
choose their leader by fighting among themselves."
"Kingdra lives at extreme ocean depths that are otherwise
uninhabited. It has long been believed that the yawning of this
Pok&eacute;mon creates spiraling ocean currents."
"For its nest, Phanpy digs a vertical pit in the ground at the
edge of a river. It marks the area around its nest with its trunk
to let the others know that the area has been claimed."
"Donphan's favorite attack is curling its body into a ball, then
charging at its foe while rolling at high speed. Once it starts
rolling, this Pok&eacute;mon can't stop very easily."
"Porygon2 was created by humans using the power of science.
The man-made Pok&eacute;mon has been endowed with artificial
intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions
on its own."
"Stantler's magnificent antlers were traded at high prices as
works of art. As a result, this Pok&eacute;mon was hunted close to
extinction by those who were after the priceless antlers."
"Smeargle marks the boundaries of its territory using a body
fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. Over 5,000 different
marks left by this Pok&eacute;mon have been found."
"Tyrogue becomes stressed out if it does not get to train every
day. When raising this Pok&eacute;mon, the Trainer must establish
and uphold various training methods."
"Hitmontop spins on its head at high speed, all the while
delivering kicks. This technique is a remarkable mix of both
offense and defense at the same time. The Pok&eacute;mon travels
faster spinning than it does walking."
"Smoochum actively runs about, but also falls quite often.
Whenever the chance arrives, it will look for its reflection to
make sure its face hasn't become dirty."
"Elekid stores electricity in its body. If it touches metal and
accidentally discharges all its built-up electricity, this Pok&eacute;mon
begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself."
"Magby's state of health is determined by observing the fire it
breathes. If the Pok&eacute;mon is spouting yellow flames from its
mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke
will be mixed in with the flames."
"Miltank gives over five gallons of milk on a daily basis.
Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike.
People who can't drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat
it instead."
"Blissey senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so,
this Pok&eacute;mon will rush over to a sad person, no matter how far
away, to share a Lucky Egg that brings a smile to any face."
"Raikou embodies the speed of lightning. The roars of this
Pok&eacute;mon send shock waves shuddering through the air
and shake the ground as if lightning bolts had come
crashing down."
"Entei embodies the passion of magma. This Pok&eacute;mon is
thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano.
It sends up massive bursts of fire that utterly consume all that
they touch."
"Suicune embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water.
It runs across the land with gracefulness. This Pok&eacute;mon has
the power to purify dirty water."
"Larvitar is born deep under the ground. To come up to the
surface, this Pok&eacute;mon must eat its way through the soil above.
Until it does so, Larvitar cannot see its parents."
"Pupitar creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and
forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet. The body is very
durable,it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel."
"Tyranitar is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a
whole mountain to make its nest. This Pok&eacute;mon wanders about
in mountains seeking new opponents to fight."
"Lugia's wings pack devastating power,a light fluttering of its
wings can blow apart regular houses. As a result, this
Pok&eacute;mon chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea."
"Ho-Oh's feathers glow in seven colors depending on the angle
at which they are struck by light. These feathers are said to
bring happiness to the bearers. This Pok&eacute;mon is said to live at
the foot of a rainbow."
"This Pok&eacute;mon came from the future by crossing over time.
It is thought that so long as Celebi appears, a bright and
shining future awaits us."
"Treecko has small hooks on the bottom of its feet that enable
it to scale vertical walls. This Pok&eacute;mon attacks by slamming
foes with its thick tail."
"The leaves growing out of Grovyle's body are convenient for
camouflaging it from enemies in the forest. This Pok&eacute;mon is a
master at climbing trees in jungles."
"The leaves growing on Sceptile's body are very sharp edged.
This Pok&eacute;mon is very agile,it leaps all over the branches of
trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind."
"Torchic sticks with its Trainer, following behind with
unsteady steps. This Pok&eacute;mon breathes fire of over
1,800 degrees Fahrenheit, including fireballs that leave
the foe scorched black."
"Combusken toughens up its legs and thighs by running
through fields and mountains. This Pok&eacute;mon's legs possess
both speed and power, enabling it to dole out 10 kicks in
one second."
"In battle, Blaziken blows out intense flames from its wrists and
attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the more
intensely this Pok&eacute;mon's wrists burn."
"The fin on Mudkip's head acts as highly sensitive radar.
Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this
Pok&eacute;mon can determine what is taking place around it
without using its eyes."
"The surface of Marshtomp's body is enveloped by a thin, sticky
film that enables it to live on land. This Pok&eacute;mon plays in mud
on beaches when the ocean tide is low."
"Swampert is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a
boulder weighing more than a ton. This Pok&eacute;mon also has
powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water."
"At first sight, Poochyena takes a bite at anything that moves.
This Pok&eacute;mon chases after prey until the victim becomes
exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back."
"Mightyena gives obvious signals when it is preparing to attack.
It starts to growl deeply and then flattens its body.
This Pok&eacute;mon will bite savagely with its sharply pointed fangs."
"Zigzagoon restlessly wanders everywhere at all times.
This Pok&eacute;mon does so because it is very curious. It becomes
interested in anything that it happens to see."
"Linoone always runs full speed and only in straight lines.
If facing an obstacle, it makes a right-angle turn to evade it.
This Pok&eacute;mon is very challenged by gently curving roads."
"Using the spikes on its rear end, Wurmple peels the bark off
trees and feeds on the sap that oozes out. This Pok&eacute;mon's
feet are tipped with suction pads that allow it to cling to glass
without slipping."
"Silcoon tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keep from
falling. There, this Pok&eacute;mon hangs quietly while it awaits
evolution. It peers out of the silk cocoon through a small hole."
"Beautifly's favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you
want to see this Pok&eacute;mon, just leave a potted flower by an
open window. Beautifly is sure to come looking for pollen."
"Cascoon makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body
entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silk goes
around its body, it hardens. This Pok&eacute;mon prepares for its
evolution inside the cocoon."
"Dustox is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this Pok&eacute;mon
are attracted by the bright lights of cities, where they wreak
havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food."
"Lotad live in ponds and lakes, where they float on the surface.
It grows weak if its broad leaf dies. On rare occasions, this
Pok&eacute;mon travels on land in search of clean water."
"Lombre is nocturnal,it will get active after dusk.
It is also a mischief maker. When this Pok&eacute;mon
spots anglers, it tugs on their fishing lines from
beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation."
"Ludicolo begins dancing as soon as it hears cheerful,
festive music. This Pok&eacute;mon is said to appear when it
hears the singing of children on hiking outings."
"Seedot attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its
head. It sucks moisture from the tree while hanging off the
branch. The more water it drinks, the glossier this Pok&eacute;mon's
body becomes."
"Nuzleaf live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally
venture out of the forest to startle people. This Pok&eacute;mon
dislikes having its long nose pinched."
"Shiftry is a mysterious Pok&eacute;mon that is said to live atop
towering trees dating back over a thousand years. It creates
terrific windstorms with the fans it holds."
"Taillow courageously stands its ground against foes, however
strong they may be. This gutsy Pok&eacute;mon will remain defiant
even after a loss. On the other hand, it cries loudly if it
becomes hungry."
"Swellow flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs
in the sky. This Pok&eacute;mon dives at a steep angle as soon as
it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by
Swellow's clawed feet, preventing escape."
"Wingull has the habit of carrying prey and valuables in its beak
and hiding them in all sorts of locations. This Pok&eacute;mon rides
the winds and flies as if it were skating across the sky."
"Pelipper is a flying transporter that carries small Pok&eacute;mon and
eggs inside its massive bill. This Pok&eacute;mon builds its nest on
steep cliffs facing the sea."
"Ralts senses the emotions of people using the horns on
its head. This Pok&eacute;mon rarely appears before people.
But when it does, it draws closer if it senses that the person
has a positive disposition."
"It is said that a Kirlia that is exposed to the positive emotions
of its Trainer grows beautiful. This Pok&eacute;mon controls
psychokinetic powers with its highly developed brain."
"Gardevoir has the ability to read the future. If it senses
impending danger to its Trainer, this Pok&eacute;mon is said
to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power."
"From the tips of its feet, Surskit secretes an oil that enables it
to walk on water as if it were skating. This Pok&eacute;mon feeds on
microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes."
"Masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns
on its antennas. This Pok&eacute;mon flaps its four wings to freely fly
in any direction,even sideways and backwards,as if it were
a helicopter."
"Shroomish live in damp soil in the dark depths of forests.
They are often found keeping still under fallen leaves.
This Pok&eacute;mon feeds on compost that is made up of fallen,
rotted leaves."
"Breloom closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork,
then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This Pok&eacute;mon's
fighting technique puts boxers to shame."
"Slakoth lolls around for over 20 hours every day. Because it
moves so little, it does not need much food. This Pok&eacute;mon's
sole daily meal consists of just three leaves."
"Vigoroth is always itching and agitated to go on a wild
rampage. It simply can't tolerate sitting still for even
a minute. This Pok&eacute;mon's stress level rises if it can't
be moving constantly."
"Slaking spends all day lying down and lolling about. It eats
grass growing within its reach. If it eats all the grass it can
reach, this Pok&eacute;mon reluctantly moves to another spot."
"Nincada lives underground for many years in complete
darkness. This Pok&eacute;mon absorbs nutrients from the roots of
trees. It stays motionless as it waits for evolution."
"Ninjask moves around at such a high speed that it
cannot be seen, even while its crying can be clearly heard.
For that reason, this Pok&eacute;mon was long believed to
be invisible."
"Shedinja's hard body doesn't move,not even a twitch. In fact,
its body appears to be merely a hollow shell. It is believed that
this Pok&eacute;mon will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its
hollow body from its back."
"Normally, Whismur's voice is very quiet,it is barely audible
even if one is paying close attention. However, if this Pok&eacute;mon
senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume."
"Loudred's bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame
house. It uses its voice to punish its foes. This Pok&eacute;mon's
round ears serve as loudspeakers."
"Exploud triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates
by bellowing. If this Pok&eacute;mon violently inhales from the
ports on its body, it's a sign that it is preparing to let loose
a huge bellow."
"Makuhita is tenacious,it will keep getting up and attacking
its foe however many times it is knocked down. Every time it
gets back up, this Pok&eacute;mon stores more energy in its body
for evolving."
"Hariyama practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of
locations. One hit of this Pok&eacute;mon's powerful, openhanded,
straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two."
"Azurill spins its tail as if it were a lasso, then hurls it far.
The momentum of the throw sends its body flying, too.
Using this unique action, one of these Pok&eacute;mon managed to
hurl itself a record 33 feet."
"Nosepass's magnetic nose is always pointed to the north.
If two of these Pok&eacute;mon meet, they cannot turn their faces to
each other when they are close because their magnetic noses
repel one another."
"Skitty has the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects
and chasing them around. This Pok&eacute;mon is known to chase
after its own tail and become dizzy."
"Delcatty prefers to live an unfettered existence in which it can
do as it pleases at its own pace. Because this Pok&eacute;mon eats
and sleeps whenever it decides, its daily routines are
completely random."
"Sableye lead quiet lives deep inside caverns.
They are feared, however, because these Pok&eacute;mon are
thought to steal the spirits of people when their eyes burn
with a sinister glow in the darkness."
"Mawile's huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been
transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lull its foe into
letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, Mawile
chomps it with its gaping jaws."
"This Pok&eacute;mon has a body of steel. To make its body, Aron
feeds on iron ore that it digs from mountains. Occasionally,
it causes major trouble by eating bridges and rails."
"Lairon tempers its steel body by drinking highly nutritious
mineral springwater until it is bloated. This Pok&eacute;mon makes its
nest close to springs of delicious water."
"Aggron claims an entire mountain as its own territory.
It mercilessly beats up anything that violates its environment.
This Pok&eacute;mon vigilantly patrols its territory at all times."
"Meditite undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the
mountains. However, whenever it meditates, this Pok&eacute;mon
always loses its concentration and focus. As a result,
its training never ends."
"It is said that through meditation, Medicham heightens energy
inside its body and sharpens its sixth sense. This Pok&eacute;mon
hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains."
"Electrike stores electricity in its long body hair. This Pok&eacute;mon
stimulates its leg muscles with electric charges. These jolts of
power give its legs explosive acceleration performance."
"Manectric is constantly discharging electricity from its mane.
The sparks sometimes ignite forest fires. When it enters a
battle, this Pok&eacute;mon creates thunderclouds."
"Plusle always acts as a cheerleader for its partners.
Whenever a teammate puts out a good effort in battle, this
Pok&eacute;mon shorts out its body to create the crackling noises of
sparks to show its joy."
"Minun is more concerned about cheering on its partners than
its own safety. It shorts out the electricity in its body to create
brilliant showers of sparks to cheer on its teammates."
"With the arrival of night, Volbeat emits light from its tail.
It communicates with others by adjusting the intensity and
flashing of its light. This Pok&eacute;mon is attracted by the sweet
aroma of Illumise."
"Illumise attracts a swarm of Volbeat using a sweet fragrance.
Once the Volbeat have gathered, this Pok&eacute;mon leads the
lit-up swarm in drawing geometric designs on the canvas of
the night sky."
"Roselia shoots sharp thorns as projectiles at any opponent that
tries to steal the flowers on its arms. The aroma of this
Pok&eacute;mon brings serenity to living things."
"Virtually all of Gulpin's body is its stomach. As a result, it can
swallow something its own size. This Pok&eacute;mon's stomach
contains a special fluid that digests anything."
"When Swalot spots prey, it spurts out a hideously toxic fluid
from its pores and sprays the target. Once the prey has
weakened, this Pok&eacute;mon gulps it down whole with its
cavernous mouth."
"Carvanha's strongly developed jaws and its sharply pointed
fangs pack the destructive power to rip out boat hulls.
Many boats have been attacked and sunk by this Pok&eacute;mon."
"Nicknamed “the bully of the sea,” Sharpedo is widely feared.
Its cruel fangs grow back immediately if they snap off. Just one
of these Pok&eacute;mon can thoroughly tear apart a supertanker."
"Wailmer's nostrils are located above its eyes. This playful
Pok&eacute;mon loves to startle people by forcefully snorting out
seawater it stores inside its body out of its nostrils."
"Wailord is the largest of all identified Pok&eacute;mon up to now.
This giant Pok&eacute;mon swims languorously in the vast open sea,
eating massive amounts of food at once with its enormous
mouth."
"Numel is extremely dull witted,it doesn't notice being hit.
However, it can't stand hunger for even a second.
This Pok&eacute;mon's body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma."
"Camerupt has a volcano inside its body. Magma of
18,000 degrees Fahrenheit courses through its body.
Occasionally, the humps on this Pok&eacute;mon's back erupt,
spewing the superheated magma."
"Torkoal digs through mountains in search of coal. If it finds
some, it fills hollow spaces on its shell with the coal and burns
it. If it is attacked, this Pok&eacute;mon spouts thick black smoke to
beat a retreat."
"Spoink bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing
makes its heart pump. As a result, this Pok&eacute;mon cannot afford
to stop bouncing,if it stops, its heart will stop."
"Grumpig uses the black pearls on its body to amplify its
psychic power waves for gaining total control over its foe.
When this Pok&eacute;mon uses its special power, its snorting breath
grows labored."
"All the Spinda that exist in the world are said to have utterly
unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this
Pok&eacute;mon give it the appearance of dancing."
"Trapinch's nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit dug in sand.
This Pok&eacute;mon patiently waits for prey to tumble down the pit.
Its giant jaws have enough strength to crush even boulders."
"To make prey faint, Vibrava generates ultrasonic waves by
vigorously making its two wings vibrate. This Pok&eacute;mon's
ultrasonic waves are so powerful, they can bring on headaches
in people."
"Flygon is nicknamed “the elemental spirit of the desert.”
Because its flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand, this
Pok&eacute;mon is always enveloped in a sandstorm while flying."
"Cacnea lives in arid locations such as deserts. It releases a
strong aroma from its flower to attract prey. When prey comes
near, this Pok&eacute;mon shoots sharp thorns from its body to bring
the victim down."
"During the daytime, Cacturne remains unmoving so that it does
not lose any moisture to the harsh desert sun. This Pok&eacute;mon
becomes active at night when the temperature drops."
"Swablu has light and fluffy wings that are like cottony clouds.
This Pok&eacute;mon is not frightened of people. It lands on the
heads of people and sits there like a cotton-fluff hat."
"Altaria dances and wheels through the sky among billowing,
cotton-like clouds. By singing melodies in its crystal-clear
voice, this Pok&eacute;mon makes its listeners experience dreamy
wonderment."
"Memories of battling its archrival Seviper are etched into every
cell of Zangoose's body. This Pok&eacute;mon adroitly dodges
attacks with incredible agility."
"Seviper shares a generations-long feud with Zangoose.
The scars on its body are evidence of vicious battles.
This Pok&eacute;mon attacks using its sword-edged tail."
"Lunatone was discovered at a location where a meteoroid fell.
As a result, some people theorize that this Pok&eacute;mon came
from space. However, no one has been able to prove this
theory so far."
"Solrock is a new species of Pok&eacute;mon that is said to have fallen
from space. It floats in air and moves silently. In battle, this
Pok&eacute;mon releases intensely bright light."
"Barboach's sensitive whiskers serve as a superb radar system.
This Pok&eacute;mon hides in mud, leaving only its two whiskers
exposed while it waits for prey to come along."
"Whiscash is extremely territorial. Just one of these Pok&eacute;mon
will claim a large pond as its exclusive territory. If a foe
approaches it, it thrashes about and triggers a massive
earthquake."
"Corphish were originally foreign Pok&eacute;mon that were imported
as pets. They eventually turned up in the wild. This Pok&eacute;mon is
very hardy and has greatly increased its population."
"Crawdaunt has an extremely violent nature that compels it to
challenge other living things to battle. Other life-forms refuse
to live in ponds inhabited by this Pok&eacute;mon, making them
desolate places."
"Baltoy moves while spinning around on its one foot. Primitive
wall paintings depicting this Pok&eacute;mon living among people
were discovered in some ancient ruins."
"Claydol are said to be dolls of mud made by primitive humans
and brought to life by exposure to a mysterious ray.
This Pok&eacute;mon moves about while levitating."
"Lileep became extinct approximately a hundred million years
ago. This ancient Pok&eacute;mon attaches itself to a rock on the
seafloor and catches approaching prey using tentacles shaped
like flower petals."
"Cradily roams around the ocean floor in search of food.
This Pok&eacute;mon freely extends its tree trunk-like neck and
captures unwary prey using its eight tentacles."
"Anorith was regenerated from a prehistoric fossil. This primitive
Pok&eacute;mon once lived in warm seas. It grips its prey firmly
between its two large claws."
"Armaldo's tough armor makes all attacks bounce off. This
Pok&eacute;mon's two enormous claws can be freely extended or
contracted. They have the power to punch right through a
steel slab."
"Feebas's fins are ragged and tattered from the start of its life.
Because of its shoddy appearance, this Pok&eacute;mon is largely
ignored. It is capable of living in both the sea and in rivers."
"Milotic is said to be the most beautiful of all the Pok&eacute;mon.
It has the power to becalm such emotions as anger and
hostility to quell bitter feuding."
"Castform's appearance changes with the weather.
This Pok&eacute;mon gained the ability to use the vast power of
nature to protect its tiny body."
"Kecleon is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend
in with its surroundings. There is one exception,this Pok&eacute;mon
can't change the zigzag pattern on its belly."
"Shuppet is attracted by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness.
If someone develops strong feelings of vengeance, this
Pok&eacute;mon will appear in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves
of that person's home."
"Banette generates energy for laying strong curses by sticking
pins into its own body. This Pok&eacute;mon was originally a pitiful
plush doll that was thrown away."
"Duskull can pass through any wall no matter how thick it may
be. Once this Pok&eacute;mon chooses a target, it will doggedly
pursue the intended victim until the break of dawn."
"Dusclops's body is completely hollow,there is nothing at all
inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This
Pok&eacute;mon will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will
ever come back out."
"The bunches of fruit around Tropius's neck are very popular
with children. This Pok&eacute;mon loves fruit, and eats it
continuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own
outgrowth of fruit."
"Chimecho makes its cries echo inside its hollow body.
When this Pok&eacute;mon becomes enraged, its cries result in
ultrasonic waves that have the power to knock foes flying."
"Every time Absol appears before people, it is followed by a
disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave. As a result,
it came to be known as the disaster Pok&eacute;mon."
"Wynaut can always be seen with a big, happy smile on its face.
Look at its tail to determine if it is angry. When angered, this
Pok&eacute;mon will be slapping the ground with its tail."
"Snorunt live in regions with heavy snowfall. In seasons
without snow, such as spring and summer, this Pok&eacute;mon
steals away to live quietly among stalactites and stalagmites
deep in caverns."
"Glalie has a body made of rock, which it hardens with an armor
of ice. This Pok&eacute;mon has the ability to freeze moisture in the
atmosphere into any shape it desires."
"Spheal is much faster rolling than walking to get around.
When groups of this Pok&eacute;mon eat, they all clap at once to
show their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes are noisy."
"Sealeo has the habit of always juggling on the tip of its nose
anything it sees for the first time. This Pok&eacute;mon occasionally
entertains itself by balancing and rolling a Spheal on its nose."
"Walrein's two massively developed tusks can totally shatter
blocks of ice weighing 10 tons with one blow. This Pok&eacute;mon's
thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures."
"Clamperl's sturdy shell is not only good for protection,it is
also used for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown
Clamperl's shell will be scored with nicks and scratches
all over."
"Huntail's presence went unnoticed by people for a long
time because it lives at extreme depths in the sea.
This Pok&eacute;mon's eyes can see clearly even in the murky
dark depths of the ocean."
"Gorebyss lives in the southern seas at extreme depths. Its
body is built to withstand the enormous pressure of water at
incredible depths. Because of this, this Pok&eacute;mon's body is
unharmed by ordinary attacks."
"Relicanth is a Pok&eacute;mon species that existed for a hundred
million years without ever changing its form. This ancient
Pok&eacute;mon feeds on microscopic organisms with its
toothless mouth."
"Luvdisc live in shallow seas in the tropics. This heart-shaped
Pok&eacute;mon earned its name by swimming after loving couples it
spotted in the ocean's waves."
"Bagon has a dream of one day soaring in the sky.
In doomed efforts to fly, this Pok&eacute;mon hurls itself off cliffs.
As a result of its dives, its head has grown tough and as hard
as tempered steel."
"Inside Shelgon's armor-like shell, cells are in the midst of
transformation to create an entirely new body. This Pok&eacute;mon's
shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish."
"Salamence came about as a result of a strong, long-held
dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerful desire
triggered a sudden mutation in this Pok&eacute;mon's cells,
causing it to sprout its magnificent wings."
"Instead of blood, a powerful magnetic force courses
throughout Beldum's body. This Pok&eacute;mon communicates
with others by sending controlled pulses of magnetism."
"When two Beldum fuse together, Metang is formed. The brains
of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system.
By linking its brains magnetically, this Pok&eacute;mon generates
strong psychokinetic power."
"Metagross has four brains in total. Combined, the four brains
can breeze through difficult calculations faster than a
supercomputer. This Pok&eacute;mon can float in the air by tucking in
its four legs."
"Regirock was sealed away by people long ago. If this
Pok&eacute;mon's body is damaged in battle, it is said to seek
out suitable rocks on its own to repair itself."
"Regice's body was made during an ice age. The deep-frozen
body can't be melted, even by fire. This Pok&eacute;mon controls
frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit."
"Registeel has a body that is harder than any kind of metal.
Its body is apparently hollow. No one has any idea what this
Pok&eacute;mon eats."
"Latias is highly sensitive to the emotions of people. If it senses
any hostility, this Pok&eacute;mon ruffles the feathers all over its body
and cries shrilly to intimidate the foe."
"Latios has the ability to make others see an image of what it
has seen or imagines in its head. This Pok&eacute;mon is intelligent
and understands human speech."
"Through Primal Reversion and with nature's
full power, it will take back its true form. It can
summon storms that cause the sea levels to rise."
"Groudon is said to be the personification of the land
itself. Legends tell of its many clashes against Kyogre,
as each sought to gain the power of nature."
"Rayquaza is said to have lived for hundreds of millions
of years. Legends remain of how it put to rest
the clash between Kyogre and Groudon."
"A legend states that Jirachi will make true any wish that is
written on notes attached to its head when it awakens. If this
Pok&eacute;mon senses danger, it will fight without awakening."
"The DNA of a space virus underwent a sudden mutation upon
exposure to a laser beam and resulted in Deoxys.
The crystalline organ on this Pok&eacute;mon's chest appears to be
its brain."
"Photosynthesis occurs across its body under the
sun. The shell on its back is actually hardened soil."
"It lives along water in forests. In the daytime,
it leaves the forest to sunbathe its treed shell."
"Ancient people imagined that beneath the ground,
a gigantic Torterra dwelled."
"Its fiery rear end is fueled by gas made in its belly.
Even rain can't extinguish the fire."
"It skillfully controls the intensity of the fire on its
tail to keep its foes at an ideal distance."
"Its crown of fire is indicative of its fiery nature.
It is beaten by none in terms of quickness."
"It doesn't like to be taken care of. It's difficult to
bond with since it won't listen to its Trainer."
"It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every
one of them believes it is the most important."
"It swims as fast as a jet boat. The edges of its
wings are sharp and can slice apart drifting ice."
"They flock in great numbers. Though small, they
flap their wings with great power."
"They maintain huge flocks, although fierce scuffles
break out between various flocks."
"The muscles in its wings and legs are strong.
It can easily fly while gripping a small Pok&eacute;mon."
"With nerves of steel, nothing can perturb it. It is
more agile and active than it appears."
"It busily makes its nest with stacks of branches and
roots it has cut up with its sharp incisors."
"It chats with others using the sounds of its colliding
antennae. These sounds are fall hallmarks."
"It crosses its knifelike arms in front of its chest
when it cries. It can compose melodies ad lib."
"The extension and contraction of its muscles
generates electricity. It glows when in trouble."
"Its claws loose electricity with enough amperage
to cause fainting. They live in small groups."
"When its eyes gleam gold, it can spot hiding
prey,even those taking shelter behind a wall."
"When it feels the sun's warm touch, it opens its bud
to release pollen. It lives alongside clear pools."
"Luring prey with a sweet scent, it uses poison whips
on its arms to poison, bind, and finish off the prey."
"It was resurrected from an iron ball-like fossil.
It downs prey with its headbutts."
"Its skull withstands impacts of any magnitude. As a
result, its brain never gets the chance to grow."
"It habitually polishes its face by rubbing it against
tree trunks. It is weak to attacks from behind."
"When they lined up side by side, no foe could
break through. They shielded their young in
that way."
"To shelter itself from cold, wintry winds, it covers
itself with a cloak made of twigs and leaves."
"Its appearance changes depending on where it
evolved. The materials on hand become a part of
its body."
"It loves the honey of flowers and steals honey
collected by Combee."
"The trio is together from birth. It constantly gathers
honey from flowers to please Vespiquen."
"It houses its colony in cells in its body and releases
various pheromones to make those grubs do its bidding."
"It makes fur balls that crackle with static electricity.
It stores them with berries in tree holes."
"It swims by rotating its two tails like a screw.
When it dives, its flotation sac collapses."
"It floats using its well-developed flotation sac.
It assists in the rescues of drowning people."
"Sunlight colors it red. When the small ball is
drained of nutrients, it shrivels to herald evolution."
"During times of strong sunlight, its bud blooms,
its petals open fully, and it becomes very active."
"Beware of pushing strongly on its squishy body,
as it makes a mysterious purple fluid ooze out."
"When its natural enemy attacks, it oozes purple
fluid and escapes."
"They work in large colonies and make rings by
linking their tails, apparently in friendship."
"A Pok&eacute;mon formed by the spirits of people and Pok&eacute;mon.
It loves damp, humid seasons."
"It carries people and Pok&eacute;mon when it flies.
But since it only drifts, it can end up anywhere."
"Its ears are always rolled up. They can be forcefully
extended to shatter even a large boulder."
"Extremely cautious, it quickly bounds off when it
senses danger."
"It chants incantations. While they usually torment
targets, some chants bring happiness."
"If one utters a deep cry, many Murkrow gather
quickly. For this, it is called “Summoner of Night.”"
"It claws if displeased and purrs when affectionate.
Its fickleness is very popular among some."
"It would claim another Pok&eacute;mon's nest as its own
if it finds a nest sufficiently comfortable."
"Each time it hops, it makes a ringing sound.
It deafens foes by emitting high-frequency cries."
"It sprays a foul fluid from its rear. Its stench
spreads over a mile radius, driving Pok&eacute;mon away."
"It sprays a vile-smelling fluid from the tip of its tail
to attack. Its range is over 160 feet."
"Ancient people believed that the pattern on
Bronzor's back contained a mysterious power."
"In ages past, this Pok&eacute;mon was revered as a
bringer of rain. It was found buried in the ground."
"It prefers arid environments. It leaks water from its
eyes to adjust its body's fluid levels."
"In an attempt to confuse its enemy, it mimics the
enemy's movements. Then it wastes no time in
making itself scarce!"
"It carries a round, egg-shaped rock in its belly
pouch and gives the rock to its friends."
"It mimics the cries of other Pok&eacute;mon to trick them
into thinking it's one of them. This way they won't
attack it."
"A Pok&eacute;mon that was formed by 108 spirits. It is
bound to a fissure in an odd keystone."
"It nests in horizontal holes warmed by geothermal
heat. Foes who get too close can expect to be
pounced on and bitten."
"It loves sparkly things. It seeks treasures in caves
and hoards the loot in its nest."
"When it folds up its body and extends its wings,
it looks like a jet plane. It flies at sonic speed."
"It hides food under its long body hair. However,
it forgets it has hidden the food."
"It uses the shapes of auras, which change
according to emotion, to communicate with others."
"By catching the aura emanating from others, it can
read their thoughts and movements."
"It lives in arid places. Instead of perspiration,
it expels grainy sand from its body."
"It brandishes its gaping mouth in a display of
fearsome strength. It raises vast quantities of sand
while attacking."
"It grips prey with its tail claws and injects poison.
It tenaciously hangs on until the poison takes."
"It takes pride in its strength. Even though it can
tear foes apart, it finishes them off with
powerful poison."
"Its cheeks hold poison sacs. It tries to catch foes
off guard to jab them with toxic fingers."
"It has a poison sac at its throat. When it croaks,
the stored poison is churned for greater potency."
"It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling saliva, then
chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey."
"The line running down its side can store sunlight.
It shines vividly at night."
"It lives on the deep-sea floor. It attracts prey by
flashing the patterns on its four tail fins."
"The pattern on its back varies by region.
It often swims in a school of Remoraid."
"During cold seasons, it migrates to the mountain's
lower reaches. It returns to the snow-covered
summit in the spring."
"It blankets wide areas in snow by whipping up
blizzards. It is also known as “The Ice Monster.”"
"It lives in snowy regions. It carves patterns in trees
with its claws as a signal to others."
"Sometimes the magnetism emitted by Magnezone is
too strong, making them attract each other so they
cannot move."
"It wraps things with its extensible tongue. Getting
too close to it will leave you soaked with drool."
"From holes in its palms, it fires out Geodude.
Its carapace can withstand volcanic eruptions."
"It ensnares prey by extending arms made of vines.
Losing arms to predators does not trouble it."
"As its electric charge amplifies, blue sparks begin
to crackle between its horns."
"It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit
from the ends of its arms. It lives in
volcanic craters."
"As everyone knows, it visits peaceful regions,
bringing them gifts of kindness and
sweet blessings."
"It prefers to battle by biting apart foes' heads
instantly while flying by at high speed."
"When you see Leafeon asleep in a patch of
sunshine, you'll know it is using photosynthesis
to produce clean air."
"By controlling its body heat, it can freeze the
atmosphere around it to make a
diamond-dust flurry."
"It observes prey while hanging inverted from
branches. When the chance presents itself,
it swoops!"
"A frozen Mamoswine was dug from ice dating back
10,000 years. This Pok&eacute;mon has been around a
long, long, long time."
"Additional software was installed to make it a better
Pok&eacute;mon. It began acting oddly, however."
"Because it can sense what its foe is thinking,
its attacks burst out first, fast, and fierce."
"It exudes strong magnetism from all over.
It controls three small units called Mini-Noses."
"It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and
guide them home."
"It freezes foes with an icy breath nearly
-60 degrees Fahrenheit. What seems to be its body
is actually hollow."
"Research continues on this Pok&eacute;mon, which could
be the power source of a unique motor."
"Known as “The Being of Knowledge.” It is said that
it can wipe out the memory of those who see
its eyes."
"Known as “The Being of Emotion.” It taught
humans the nobility of sorrow, pain, and joy."
"Known as “The Being of Willpower.” It sleeps at the
bottom of a lake to keep the world in balance."
"A Pok&eacute;mon spoken of in legend. It is said that time
began moving when Dialga was born."
"It is said to live in a gap in the spatial dimension
parallel to ours. It appears in mythology."
"It dwells in volcanic caves. It digs in with its
cross-shaped feet to crawl on ceilings and walls."
"It is said to have made Pok&eacute;mon that look like
itself from a special ice mountain, rocks,
and magma."
"This Pok&eacute;mon is said to live in a world on the
reverse side of ours, where common knowledge is
distorted and strange."
"Shiny particles are released from its wings like a
veil. It is said to represent the crescent moon."
"When the water warms, they inflate the flotation sac
on their heads and drift languidly on the sea
in packs."
"It is born with a wondrous power that lets it bond
with any kind of Pok&eacute;mon."
"It chases people and Pok&eacute;mon from its territory by
causing them to experience deep,
nightmarish slumbers."
"It can dissolve toxins in the air to instantly
transform ruined land into a lush field of flowers."
"According to the legends of Sinnoh, this Pok&eacute;mon
emerged from an egg and shaped all there is in
this world."
"This Pok&eacute;mon brings victory. It is said that Trainers
with Victini always win, regardless of the type
of encounter."
"Being exposed to sunlight makes its movements
swifter. It uses vines more adeptly than its hands."
"It moves along the ground as if sliding. Its swift
movements befuddle its foes, and it then attacks
with a vine whip."
"It only gives its all against strong opponents who
are not fazed by the glare from Serperior's
noble eyes."
"It can deftly dodge its foe's attacks while shooting
fireballs from its nose. It roasts berries before it
eats them."
"The more it eats, the more fuel it has to make the
fire in its stomach stronger. This fills it with even
more power."
"It can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire
with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends."
"The scalchop on its stomach isn't just used for
battle,it can be used to break open hard berries
as well."
"Strict training is how it learns its flowing
double-scalchop technique."
"In the time it takes a foe to blink, it can draw and
sheathe the seamitars attached to its front legs."
"Using food stored in cheek pouches, they can keep
watch for days. They use their tails to communicate
with others."
"Using luminescent matter, it makes its eyes and
body glow and stuns attacking opponents."
"The long hair around its face provides an amazing
radar that lets it sense subtle changes in
its surroundings."
"This very loyal Pok&eacute;mon helps Trainers, and it also
takes care of other Pok&eacute;mon."
"It rescues people stranded by blizzards in the
mountains. Its shaggy fur shields it from the cold."
"Its cute act is a ruse. When victims let down their
guard, they find their items taken. It attacks with
sharp claws."
"Their beautiful form comes from the muscles they
have developed. They run silently in the night."
"It shares the leaf on its head with weary-looking
Pok&eacute;mon. These leaves are known to relieve stress."
"It attacks enemies with strikes of its thorn-covered
tail. This Pok&eacute;mon is wild tempered."
"Very intelligent, it roasts berries before eating them.
It likes to help people."
"A flame burns inside its body. It scatters embers
from its head and tail to sear its opponents."
"The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full
of nutrients. It waters plants with it using its tail."
"The high-pressure water expelled from its tail is so
powerful, it can destroy a concrete wall."
"This Pok&eacute;mon appears before people and Pok&eacute;mon
who are having nightmares and eats those dreams."
"The mist emanating from their foreheads is packed
with the dreams of people and Pok&eacute;mon."
"This very forgetful Pok&eacute;mon will wait for a new
order from its Trainer even though it already
has one."
"Many people believe that, deep in the forest where
Tranquill live, there is a peaceful place where there
is no war."
"Males swing their head plumage to threaten
opponents. The females' flying abilities surpass
those of the males."
"When thunderclouds cover the sky, it will appear.
It can catch lightning with its mane and store
the electricity."
"When this ill-tempered Pok&eacute;mon runs wild, it
shoots lightning from its mane in all directions."
"Its ear is hexagonal in shape. Compressed
underground, its body is as hard as steel."
"Because its energy was too great to be contained,
the energy leaked and formed orange crystals."
"The solar rays it absorbs are processed in its
energy core and fired as a ball of light."
"Its habitat is dark forests and caves. It emits
ultrasonic waves from its nose to learn about
its surroundings."
"It shakes its tail vigorously when it emits ultrasonic
waves strong enough to reduce concrete to rubble."
"It makes its way swiftly through the soil by putting
both claws together and rotating at high speed."
"It can help in tunnel construction. Its drill has
evolved into steel strong enough to bore through
iron plates."
"Using the feelers on its ears, it can tell how
someone is feeling or when an egg might hatch."
"These Pok&eacute;mon appear at building sites and help
out with construction. They always carry
squared logs."
"With strengthened bodies, they skillfully wield steel
beams to take down buildings."
"It is thought that Conkeldurr taught humans how to
make concrete more than 2,000 years ago."
"By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves
imperceptible to humans and warns others
of danger."
"When they vibrate the bumps on their heads, they
can make waves in water or earthquake-like
vibrations on land."
"It increases the power of its punches by vibrating
the bumps on its fists. It can turn a boulder to
rubble with one punch."
"When it tightens its belt, it becomes stronger. Wild
Throh use vines to weave their own belts."
"Desiring the strongest karate chop, they seclude
themselves in mountains and train without sleeping."
"This Pok&eacute;mon makes clothes for itself. It chews up
leaves and sews them with sticky thread extruded
from its mouth."
"Forests where Swadloon live have superb foliage
because the nutrients they make from fallen leaves
nourish the plant life."
"Upon finding a small Pok&eacute;mon, it weaves clothing
for it from leaves by using the sticky silk secreted
from its mouth."
"It discovers what is going on around it by using the
feelers on its head and tail. It is brutally aggressive."
"Protected by a hard shell, it spins its body like a
wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies."
"It clasps its prey with the claws on its neck until it
stops moving. Then it finishes it off with
deadly poison."
"When attacked, it escapes by shooting cotton from
its body. The cotton serves as a decoy to distract
the attacker."
"They appear along with whirlwinds. They pull
pranks, such as moving furniture and leaving balls
of cotton in homes."
"The leaves on its head are very bitter. Eating one
of these leaves is known to refresh a tired body."
"The fragrance of the garland on its head has a
relaxing effect. It withers if a Trainer does not take
good care of it."
"Red- and blue-striped Basculin are very violent and
always fighting. They are also remarkably tasty."
"It moves along below the sand's surface, except
for its nose and eyes. A dark membrane shields its
eyes from the sun."
"They live in groups of a few individuals. Protective
membranes shield their eyes from sandstorms."
"Very violent Pok&eacute;mon, they try to clamp down on
anything that moves in front of their eyes."
"Darumaka's droppings are hot, so people used to
put them in their clothes to keep themselves warm."
"When one is injured in a fierce battle, it hardens
into a stone-like form. Then it meditates and
sharpens its mind."
"It uses an up-tempo song and dance to drive away
the bird Pok&eacute;mon that prey on its flower seeds."
"It makes a hole in a suitable rock. If that rock
breaks, the Pok&eacute;mon remains agitated until it
locates a replacement."
"It possesses legs of enormous strength, enabling it
to carry heavy slabs for many days, even when
crossing arid land."
"Its skin has a rubbery elasticity, so it can reduce
damage by defensively pulling its skin up to
its neck."
"It pulls up its shed skin to protect itself while
it kicks. The bigger the crest, the more respected
it is."
"The guardians of an ancient city, they use their
psychic power to attack enemies that invade
their territory."
"These Pok&eacute;mon arose from the spirits of people
interred in graves. Each retains memories of its
former life."
"It has been said that they swallow those who get
too close and turn them into mummies. They like to
eat gold nuggets."
"About 100 million years ago, these Pok&eacute;mon swam
in oceans. It is thought they also went on land to
attack prey."
"They can live both in the ocean and on land. A slap
from one of them is enough to open a hole in the
bottom of a tanker."
"Revived from a fossil, this Pok&eacute;mon is thought to
be the ancestor of all bird Pok&eacute;mon."
"They are intelligent and will cooperate to catch
prey. From the ground, they use a running start to
take flight."
"The combination of garbage bags and industrial
waste caused the chemical reaction that created
this Pok&eacute;mon."
"It clenches opponents with its left arm and finishes
them off with foul-smelling poison gas belched from
its mouth."
"It changes so it looks just like its foe, tricks it, and
then uses that opportunity to flee."
"Each has the ability to fool a large group of people
simultaneously. They protect their lair with
illusory scenery."
"Minccino greet each other by grooming one another
thoroughly with their tails."
"Their white fur feels amazing to touch. Their fur
repels dust and prevents static electricity from
building up."
"Their ribbonlike feelers increase their psychic
power. They are always staring at something."
"Starlight is the source of their power. At night,
they mark star positions by using psychic power
to float stones."
"Starry skies thousands of light-years away are
visible in the space distorted by their intense
psychic power."
"Because their bodies are enveloped in a special
liquid, they are fine in any environment, no matter
how severe."
"Since they have two divided brains, at times they
suddenly try to take two different actions at once."
"They use psychic power to control their arms,
which are made of a special liquid. They can crush
boulders psychically."
"When attacked, it uses its feathers to splash water,
escaping under cover of the spray."
"Despite their elegant appearance, they can flap
their wings strongly and fly for thousands of miles."
"The temperature of their breath is -58 degrees
Fahrenheit. They create snow crystals and make
snow fall in the areas around them."
"They cool down the surrounding air and create ice
particles, which they use to freeze their foes."
"If both heads get angry simultaneously, this
Pok&eacute;mon expels a blizzard, burying everything
in snow."
"Their coloring changes according to the seasons
and can be slightly affected by the temperature and
humidity as well."
"They migrate according to the seasons. People can
tell the season by looking at Sawsbuck's horns."
"They live on treetops and glide using the inside of
a cape-like membrane while discharging electricity."
"These mysterious Pok&eacute;mon evolve when they
receive electrical stimulation while they are in the
same place as Shelmet."
"Wearing the shell covering they stole from Shelmet,
they defend themselves and attack with two lances."
"It lures people in with its Pok&eacute; Ball pattern, then
releases poison spores. Why it resembles a
Pok&eacute; Ball is unknown."
"They show off their Pok&eacute; Ball caps to lure prey,
but very few Pok&eacute;mon are fooled by this."
"They paralyze prey with poison, then drag them
down to their lairs, five miles below the surface."
"Its body is mostly seawater. It's said there's a
castle of ships Jellicent have sunk on the seafloor."
"Floating in the open sea is how they live.
When they find a wounded Pok&eacute;mon,
they embrace it and bring it to shore."
"Since it can't generate its own electricity, it sticks
onto large-bodied Pok&eacute;mon and absorbs
static electricity."
"They employ an electrically charged web to trap
their prey. While it is immobilized by shock,
they leisurely consume it."
"When threatened, it attacks by shooting a barrage
of spikes, which gives it a chance to escape by
rolling away."
"By swinging around its three spiky feelers and
shooting spikes, it can obliterate an opponent."
"Interlocking two bodies and spinning around
generates the energy they need to live."
"By changing the direction in which it rotates,
it communicates its feelings to others. When angry,
it rotates faster."
"The gear with the red core is rotated at high speed
for a rapid energy charge."
"While one alone doesn't have much power, a chain
of many Tynamo can be as powerful as lightning."
"It wraps itself around its prey and paralyzes it with
electricity from the round spots on its sides.
Then it chomps."
"With their sucker mouths, they suck in prey.
Then they use their fangs to shock the prey
with electricity."
"It uses its strong psychic power to squeeze its
opponent's brain, causing unendurable headaches."
"Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three
fingers, but those patterns haven't been decoded."
"While shining a light and pretending to be a guide,
it leeches off the life force of any who follow it."
"The spirits it absorbs fuel its baleful fire. It hangs
around hospitals waiting for people to pass on."
"Being consumed in Chandelure's flame burns up
the spirit, leaving the body behind."
"They use their tusks to crush the berries they eat.
Repeated regrowth makes their tusks strong
and sharp."
"Their tusks can shatter rocks. Territory battles
between Fraxure can be intensely violent."
"They are kind but can be relentless when defending
territory. They challenge foes with tusks that can
cut steel."
"Its nose is always running. It sniffs the snot back up
because the mucus provides the raw material for
its moves."
"They love the cold seas of the north. They create
pathways across the ocean waters by freezing their
own breath."
"They are born in snow clouds. They use chains
made of ice crystals to capture prey."
"When it and Karrablast are together, and both
receive electrical stimulation, they both evolve."
"Having removed its heavy shell, it becomes very
light and can fight with ninja-like movements."
"Its skin is very hard, so it is unhurt even if stepped
on by sumo wrestlers. It smiles when
transmitting electricity."
"It takes pride in the speed at which it can use
moves. What it loses in power, it makes up for
in quantity."
"It wields the fur on its arms like a whip. Its arm
attacks come with such rapidity that they cannot
even be seen."
"It races through narrow caves, using its sharp claws
to catch prey. The skin on its face is harder than
a rock."
"The energy that burns inside it enables it to move,
but no one has yet been able to identify
this energy."
"It is said that Golurk were ordered to protect
people and Pok&eacute;mon by the ancient people who
made them."
"Blades comprise this Pok&eacute;mon's entire body.
If battling dulls the blades, it sharpens them on
stones by the river."
"This pitiless Pok&eacute;mon commands a group of
Pawniard to hound prey into immobility. It then
moves in to finish the prey off."
"They charge wildly and headbutt everything.
Their headbutts have enough destructive force to
derail a train."
"They crush berries with their talons. They bravely
stand up to any opponent, no matter how strong
it is."
"For the sake of its friends, this brave warrior of the
sky will not stop battling, even if injured."
"Its wings are too tiny to allow it to fly. As the time
approaches for it to evolve, it discards the bones
it was wearing."
"They fly in circles around the sky. When they spot
prey, they attack and carry it back to their nest
with ease."
"Using their very hot, flame-covered tongues,
they burn through Durant's steel bodies and
consume their insides."
"Individuals each play different roles in driving
Heatmor, their natural predator, away from
their colony."
"They cannot see, so they tackle and bite to learn
about their surroundings. Their bodies are covered
in wounds."
"The two heads do not get along. Whichever head
eats more than the other gets to be the leader."
"The heads on their arms do not have brains.
They use all three heads to consume and
destroy everything."
"Said to have been born from the sun, it spews fire
from its horns and encases itself in a cocoon of fire
when it evolves."
"A sea of fire engulfs the surroundings of their
battles, since they use their six wings to scatter
their ember scales."
"It has a body and heart of steel. Its glare is
sufficient to make even an unruly Pok&eacute;mon obey it."
"Its charge is strong enough to break through a
giant castle wall in one blow. This Pok&eacute;mon is
spoken of in legends."
"Its head sprouts horns as sharp as blades. Using
whirlwind-like movements, it confounds and swiftly
cuts opponents."
"The lower half of its body is wrapped in a cloud of
energy. It zooms through the sky at 200 mph."
"The spikes on its tail discharge immense bolts of
lightning. It flies around the Unova region firing off
lightning bolts."
"This legendary Pok&eacute;mon can scorch the world with
fire. It helps those who want to build a world
of truth."
"This legendary Pok&eacute;mon can scorch the world with
lightning. It assists those who want to build an
ideal world."
"Lands visited by Landorus grant such bountiful
crops that it has been hailed as “The Guardian of
the Fields.”"
"This legendary ice Pok&eacute;mon waits for a hero to fill
in the missing parts of its body with truth or ideals."
"It crosses the world, running over the surfaces of
oceans and rivers. It appears at scenic waterfronts."
"The melodies sung by Meloetta have the power to
make Pok&eacute;mon that hear them happy or sad."
"This ancient bug Pok&eacute;mon was altered by Team
Plasma. They upgraded the cannon on its back."
"The quills on its head are usually soft.
When it flexes them, the points become
so hard and sharp that they can pierce rock."
"It relies on its sturdy shell to deflect predators'
attacks. It counterattacks with its sharp quills."
"Its Tackle is forceful enough to flip a 50-ton tank.
It shields its allies from danger with its own body."
"Eating a twig fills it with energy,
and its roomy ears give vent to air
hotter than 390 degrees Fahrenheit."
"It has a twig stuck in its tail. With
friction from its tail fur, it sets the
twig on fire and launches into battle."
"It gazes into the flame at the tip of
its branch to achieve a focused state,
which allows it to see into the future."
"It secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back.
The bubbles reduce the damage it would otherwise
take when attacked."
"It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise
control, hitting empty cans up to a hundred feet away."
"It creates throwing stars out of compressed water.
When it spins them and throws them at high speed,
these stars can split metal in two."
"They use their large ears to dig burrows.
They will dig the whole night through."
"With their powerful ears, they can heft
boulders of a ton or more with ease.
They can be a big help at construction sites."
"These friendly Pok&eacute;mon send signals
to one another with beautiful chirps
and tail-feather movements."
"From its beak, it expels embers that set
the tall grass on fire. Then it pounces on
the bewildered prey that pop out of the grass."
"In the fever of an exciting battle, it
showers embers from the gaps between
its feathers and takes to the air."
"When under attack from bird Pok&eacute;mon,
it spews a poisonous black powder
that causes paralysis on contact."
"It lives hidden within thicket shadows.
When predators attack, it quickly bristles the fur
covering its body in an effort to threaten them."
"Vivillon with many different patterns are
found all over the world. These patterns
are affected by the climate of their habitat."
"The stronger the opponent it faces,
the more heat surges from its mane
and the more power flows through its body."
"The male with the largest mane of fire
is the leader of the pride."
"It draws out and controls the hidden power
of flowers. The flower Flab&eacute;b&eacute; holds
is most likely part of its body."
"It flutters around fields of flowers and cares for
flowers that are starting to wilt. It draws
out the hidden power of flowers to battle."
"It claims exquisite flower gardens as its territory,
and it obtains power from basking in the energy
emitted by flowering plants."
"Thought to be one of the first Pok&eacute;mon to live in
harmony with humans, it has a placid disposition."
"It can tell how its Trainer is feeling by
subtle shifts in the grip on its horns.
This empathic sense lets them run as if one being."
"It does its best to be taken seriously by its enemies,
but its glare is not sufficiently intimidating.
Chewing on a leaf is its trademark."
"Although it possesses a violent temperament,
it won't put up with bullying. It uses the leaf in
its mouth to sense the movements of its enemies."
"Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes
it more elegant but also increases the
swiftness of its movements."
"The organ that emits its intense psychic power is
sheltered by its ears to keep power from leaking out."
"When in danger, it raises its ears and
releases enough psychic power to
grind a 10-ton truck into dust."
"Apparently this Pok&eacute;mon is born when a
departed spirit inhabits a sword. It attaches itself
to people and drinks their life force."
"When Honedge evolves, it divides into two swords,
which cooperate via telepathy to coordinate attacks
and slash their enemies to ribbons."
"Generations of kings were attended by these
Pok&eacute;mon, which used their spectral power to
manipulate and control people and Pok&eacute;mon."
"It emits a scent that enraptures those
who smell it. This fragrance changes
depending on what it has eaten."
"It devises various scents, pleasant and unpleasant,
and emits scents that its enemies dislike in order
to gain an edge in battle."
"To entangle its opponents in battle, it extrudes
white threads as sweet and sticky as cotton candy."
"It can distinguish the faintest of scents.
It puts its sensitive sense of smell to use
by helping pastry chefs in their work."
"Opponents who stare at the flashing of the
light-emitting spots on its body become
dazed and lose their will to fight."
"It wields the most compelling hypnotic powers
of any Pok&eacute;mon, and it forces others to do
whatever it wants."
"Two Binacle live together on one rock.
When they fight, one of them will move
to a different rock."
"When they evolve, two Binacle multiply into seven.
They fight with the power of seven Binacle."
"Camouflaged as rotten kelp, they spray
liquid poison on prey that approaches
unawares and then finish it off."
"Their poison is strong enough to eat through
the hull of a tanker, and they spit it indiscriminately
at anything that enters their territory."
"They knock down flying prey by firing
compressed water from their massive
claws like shooting a pistol."
"Their enormous claws launch cannonballs of
water powerful enough to pierce tanker hulls."
"They make their home in deserts. They can
generate their energy from basking in the sun,
so eating food is not a requirement."
"They flare their frills and generate energy.
A single Heliolisk can generate sufficient
electricity to power a skyscraper."
"This Pok&eacute;mon was restored from a fossil.
If something happens that it doesn't like,
it throws a tantrum and runs wild."
"Thanks to its gargantuan jaws, which could shred
thick metal plates as if they were paper, it was
invincible in the ancient world it once inhabited."
"This ancient Pok&eacute;mon was restored
from part of its body that had been
frozen in ice for over 100 million years."
"The diamond-shaped crystals on its body
expel air as cold as -240 degrees Fahrenheit,
surrounding its enemies and encasing them in ice."
"It sends a soothing aura from its
ribbonlike feelers to calm fights."
"Although its body is small, its proficient
fighting skills enable it to keep up with
big bruisers like Machamp and Hariyama."
"Its whiskers serve as antennas. By sending and
receiving electrical waves, it can communicate
with others over vast distances."
"Born from the temperatures and pressures
deep underground, it fires beams from the
stone in its head."
"The weakest Dragon-type Pok&eacute;mon,
it lives in damp, shady places, so its
body doesn't dry out."
"It drives away opponents by excreting a
sticky liquid that can dissolve anything.
Its eyes devolved, so it can't see anything."
"This very friendly Dragon-type Pok&eacute;mon
will hug its beloved Trainer, leaving
that Trainer covered in sticky slime."
"These key collectors threaten any attackers
by fiercely jingling their keys at them."
"These Pok&eacute;mon are created when
spirits possess rotten tree stumps.
They prefer to live in abandoned forests."
"It can control trees at will. It will trap people
who harm the forest, so they can never leave."
"The pumpkin body is inhabited by a spirit
trapped in this world. As the sun sets,
it becomes restless and active."
"Singing in eerie voices, they wander
town streets on the night of the new moon.
Anyone who hears their song is cursed."
"It blocks opponents' attacks with the
ice that shields its body. It uses cold air
to repair any cracks with new ice."
"Its ice-covered body is as hard as steel.
Its cumbersome frame crushes anything that
stands in its way."
"They live in pitch-black caves. Their enormous ears
can emit ultrasonic waves of 200,000 hertz."
"They fly around on moonless nights
and attack careless prey. Nothing can
beat them in a battle in the dark."
"Legends say it can share eternal life.
It slept for a thousand years in the form
of a tree before its revival."
"When this legendary Pok&eacute;mon's wings and
tail feathers spread wide and glow red,
it absorbs the life force of living creatures."
"When the Kalos region's ecosystem falls into
disarray, it appears and reveals its secret power."
"A sudden transformation of Carbink,
its pink, glimmering body is said to be
the loveliest sight in the whole world."
"In its true form, it possess a huge amount of power.
Legends of its avarice tell how it once carried off
an entire castle to gain the treasure hidden within."
"It lets out billows of steam and disappears into
the dense fog. It's said to live in mountains
where humans do not tread."
